you mean like the weird sicko stuff
you know I have no problem with people
writing fiction you don't really do it's
you know that's do what you want I mean
really the only improve all i have is
when people get mad at you if you don't
like that it's like I like fan fiction
and if you
we know you're freezing
just like I'm free to like it I love
when people i love what people who
express their creativity I love it I
love to see you guys I love to see you
guys your drawings rain here is an
awesome artist so many you have
amazing artwork and you write stories
and you sing
you have so much talent I love to see
people expressing their / you today
so
Oh video game
bingo
he know this was a surround sound video
game yes sir is there any has there been
any English voice actor that you've
totally fanboy Dover have there been any
English voice actors that I have fanboy
Dover
shortest answer of the key of a session
no no there are several voice actors
that I'm very good friends with that I I
care great yoga very close to Steve Blum
and tons actually a lot of good friends
at Funimation and here in Los Angeles
they're more handled her and Houston but
know that I bro
yes
I locate my friend I love Kaitlyn glass
she is like the sweetest friend but not
a fanboy hmm let's see how my family I'm
getting home and family okay the
Battlestar Galactica people but don't
tell anybody because they
I have all of their cell phone numbers
because i have done conventions with
them so i become friends with jamie
bamber who plays pablo and katee
sackhoff who plays Starbuck increased
Park who plays my god fall right out of
my head boomer and James cows who plays
bell tower and Eddie Jeff edward james
olmos who plays Adama and tricia helfer
i met in gun cons with all of them and
then become friends with him you know
aaron douglas who plays cheater they
don't know that I'm a huge fan so I like
sit beside oh yeah how's it going back
ok like totally just chillin an inside
of it so don't tell anybody ok our
secret our secret yes
it depends on my character if I were to
see Edward on the street I probably
would miss him because I would be
looking at here
yes sir you have any work for video
games to know any work for video games
you know what I do and I'm trying to
think of what was that I just did a
video game about a month ago I'm trying
to remember you know the thing about
video games is they come out way after
you recorded like the voice recordings
are some of the first things they do for
video games and then it's like a months
and months and months before the game
comes out and if you work regularly by
the time the game goes on you don't even
remember what you did so somebody will
come up to me like here will you sign
this and they'll hand me like I did this
one that was like rock band is my
ultimate van and it's it's more it's
it's it's Disney game and it's more for
younger kids it's like a younger
I did that so long ago I completely
forgot about it and then somebody comes
something to conventions like here when
you sign this on my it's at finally I
mean I don't even remember half the time
when things that I worked on and people
were coming to it I love you character
in such a session like oh my gosh I
wasn't that you know let's
it's not my favorite to the ones that
you guys like the minister like persona
3 and of course the dragon ball z games
and what else star ocean and projects
ill-fated disgaea and soul calibur and
some of those tales of vesperia sorry i
played not all in disgaea he sounds just
like every other character right okay
let's take one last question and here's
the way this I want to let you guys know
something real quick before I forget I'm
going as soon as this is then I'm going
to go back over to my my booth over here
by the lovely Margot Kidder and I want
to stay there for just a little bit
longer if you guys have anything I can
sign for you come on over let me do that
because there are there
out of here to catch an airplane in a
little while also for those of you that
can get any music CDs that may be like
you know I hope you know some about you
music I have a love for different music
CDs that's all original stuff I would
love for you guys to get one if you'd
like and i'll be happy to sign that for
you as well so let's take one last
question right here crazy fan stories I
don't have any crazy fab stories fans
aren't crazy at all what would be the
crazy fan story what would be the crazy
fans start in
yeah that is a good one and I'll tell
that one since your neighbors with Zack
anime two years ago Travis and Laura and
I were guests in sac anime we were doing
a Q&A session much lightness and we were
sitting at a table much like this then
Laura Travis and I was sitting down this
and I remember very clearly and somebody
in the back loop said I have a present
for you can I give you this president I
was like sure Victor so they come
running up with this envelope
people write me letters you know they
write me things and they given to me and
I like read this later or this is I just
wrote this for you so I take this and
I'm holding the business end book and
the girl have brought it up she's like
good open it open it okay oh you want me
to read it now the whole room full of
people she's like I know about it so I
open it expecting to find this loving
warm kind thoughtful letter how I've
helped her so much and how she's loved
my work and I open it up and it's a lock
of hair somebody shot off a chunk of
hair and folded it up and again it in a
piece of paper and for
so at some point in the future when all
of you are gone I will be able to clone
a fangirl